build: add an initial CMake based build system for DocC (#818)
apple/swift-docc: CONTRIBUTING.md

    cd swift-docc
    swift run docc
    ```

## Updating Build Rules

> In order to build DocC as part of the toolchain distribution, a parallel CMake

Reviewer: Is there some information missing in this first sentence? DocC has been part of the Swift toolchain on both Linux and macOS for several years without this CMake build, so it feels incorrect, or at least confusing, to me to say that the CMake build is required for DocC to be part of the toolchain distribution.

Author: I guess we can add explicitly for Windows if you like - if you are bootstrapping the toolchain, you cannot build with SPM on all platforms.

based build exists. Note that this is **not** supported for development purposes
(you cannot execute the test suite with this build).

CMake requires that the full file list is kept up-to-date. When adding or
removing files in a given module, the `CMakeLists.txt` list must be updated to
the file list.

> 

Reviewer: Is there anything the developer needs to do if they add a new target or a new dependency?

Author: Yes, a new target would require a new target to be defined (https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/add_library.html)

> You can use the following 1-line script to enumerate the files in the module:

Reviewer: How about this so that the instructions tells the developer what they can use the output from (and vaguely hints that they would run it once per target)?

```suggestion
The 1-line script below lists all the Swift files in the current directory tree. 
You can use the script's output to replace the list of files in the CMakeLists.txt file for each target that you added files to or removed files from.
```

```bash

> python -c "print('\n'.join((f'{chr(34)}{path}{chr(34)}' if ' ' in path else path) for path in sorted(str(path) for path in __import__('pathlib').Path('.').rglob('*.swift'))))"

Reviewer: I get a syntax error if I try to run this:
```
  File "<string>", line 1
    print('\n'.join((f'{chr(34)}{path}{chr(34)}' if ' ' in path else path) for path in sorted(str(path) for path in __import__('pathlib').Path('.').rglob('*.swift'))))
                                               ^
SyntaxError: invalid syntax
```

Reviewer: Can you explain how this python snippet is different from a simpler `find` command like this
```
find . -type f -name "*.swift" | sort
```
